no no
we already know a lot about the new ace
included will become a game of
I remember you and you and unity so you can
die arno
with humans well here we are friends
welcome to a new video already
We know details about the new up
to be included will definitely not be called
vctor and it will be well include syndicate that
is the official name already ubisoft so what
revealed we already know the new name of
the sauce include we have expected so much
to know and we already know that this new
delivery of the saga will take place in
london and that his official name will be
assassin's creed síndica and we met
some of the details after having
seen images of this games and images
promotional what made the official
ubisoft people with we listen and I
It caught my attention
characteristic 26 of queens or the anthem
from britain there we hear it in
one of the videos that the
ubisoft people in this particularity
in this delivery the world in which we
we will find in the game
is a world of change is set in
the late Victorian era of the 80's
1800 at that time where the
industrial revolution there was the
industrial revolution bringing
world a big significant change to
level of inventions the machine did not appear
the cars were developed a london
that evolved and grew tremendously in
this section in this specific game
which no longer send or kings
religion but there is a domain in
the mind there is progress also in the
medicine there is progress in science in the
mechanical but it's also when it appears
organized crime and that's where
enter the name syndicate because the
people joining in groups to defend
their own interests those groups are
those that are known as unions in
that moment they were unions of
murderers the unions of people who
I tried to fight each other and good
our protagonist who later on
I will comment his name is one of the
that he organizes with his sister because
eye brings this particularity will have the
presence of a sister and that is what
most curious of these click because
we can entrust jake so much because
is the name of the original character and
his twin sister and vii and vii
now he will have this opportunity to take
the protagónico roll more click I do not
Look, I'm talking to people
I'm telling them about the new year
include you will also go to
the head the first one already commented to them and
keiko he is a real killer
we've heard about it is a
killer authentic hunter who is
armed with machete with revolver can
use knives to roll to throw
we also have fists that is a
innovation because we will be able to enter
hits us put clean
with the rivals and of course we will have
the killer glove already traditional with
some improvements because we have even
seen that there is a kind of rope that
gets hooked on the heights and we can
use something like spider-man more or
less keeping of course the some
caveats according to the creators the
combat will be much faster in this
game and close that in any of the
other previous deliveries are also going
to incorporate for the first time
vehicles and this is important many
maybe they are going to already say their people to not if
we are fine but we are talking
with people so to silence them
he said we can use vehicles in
this new and include we will be able to pilot
we can jump between them and
we can even kill the pilot and
murder about them we talk about the
cars already know that you are green
I do not do business at this time
permission
why
ah
so we're going to have three in a carriage
something that in other games we will have a
He throws rope and told him about the
Agrees we will not have this
opportunity
attached to the killer's glove is going to
allow to reach much higher areas
more easily and quickly not to yes
same as spider-man likewise we're going to
be more or less the majority of
circuits you know you had
incorporated the clothing here he's going to
have also the killer's hood
but he's also going to have the character and
hector is going to have a hat most
of the inclusions that we will find
with rival bands we're going to have to be
very cautious nothing to attack from front
because they agree that at that time
We could talk like here
in the waist think that only 75
years of difference between united and
syndicate
basically we're going to have to have the
hidden weapons to be able to attack like this
that stealth is going to be a protagonist
important in the next ace so
We can also use our
environmental skills make us
get rid of our friends with all
that kind of tools that offers us
the environment to be able to save our
ally and little because to make us the
city ​​because we have to earn the
districts to be able to advance within the
I play the story without a doubt going to
be interesting because as I said in
the final part of the time of the
revolution we are already approaching is
entering already in 1900 and
this is one of the great innovations that
shows already told them the part of the
rope and of course the big news what
that everyone wants to know but tell us
when the new a5 comes out it's good like that
include syndicate will be exclusive
to expose and playstation 4 in the
autumn will already be available on the 23rd
October will already be on sale this new
Assassin's Creed called that
will call as I already mentioned is like this
include without dam and talking a little
more than history is as such
remember that jake or we can have a
of the two people the innovation of the
cars we are going to have of course the
ability to have a stealth
adequate to do not the city and I
I invite you to be aware of
our channel because later
we will be placing videos there is already a
gameplay
commented on 10 minutes of this
fascinating game this great important
saga that we will surely enjoy and
let's have our hands to be able
bring you all the details in
images you are seeing already the last
what's left is Mr. Arno here in Asia
singlistas and unite and we
say goodbye for now so be prepared
all for October 23 because the
parco returns but this time
from the roofs of the london
Victorian until a next installment and
look what I'm going to teach you here
quickie to go I think I remember
we have the time that we play
bye